* What problem does KickSmash32 solve?

If you need to occasionally change ROMs in your Amiga, this can be a
tedious process with most Amiga systems. It often involves opening the
case, removing the drives and drive tray, and may also include removing
the CPU or removing all expansion cards.

ROM images can be programmed by KickSmash32 in system by running a
program on the Amiga. Up to eight 512 KB ROM images may be stored and
switched between using either an Amiga command or by performing a long
(Control-Amiga-Amiga) reset.

In addition, the USB port on KickSmash32 maybe connected permanently
to an external host so that ROM images can be programmed even when the
Amiga is not able to boot. The Amiga must be held in reset in this case.

========================================================================

* Which Amiga models are supported by KickSmash32?

KickSmash32 is currently only tested in Amiga 3000 rev 9 and
Amiga 4000 rev B motherboards. It will likely work in Amiga 3000T and
Amiga 4000T systems, but has not been tested. It will not work in
Amiga 3000 rev 7 and below motherboards, as those require a ROM Tower.
An Amiga 3000 ROM tower replacement with spacing identical to the
rev 9 motherboard is in development, but is not available yet.

KickSmash32 might also work in the Amiga 1200, but this has not been
tested. With further software development, it can probably be made to
support the Amiga 500 and 2000. A lower cost version could be made
which supports those Amiga models.

========================================================================

* How do I install KickSmash32?

It's recommended to connect KickSmash by USB to your PC first before
installing it in the Amiga. This will allow you to update KickSmash
firmware, if necessary, and program an initial Kickstart ROM image.
See doc/sw_install.txt for instructions. Read doc/sw_hostsmash.txt for
further information on programming Kickstart images.

KickSmash requires a connection to the Amiga's KBRST signal. You will
need to attach a jumper from a spot on the board to the KBRST pin on
KickSmash. See doc/hw_install.txt for details on this.

Download the latest software release from the KickSmash github repository:
    https://github.com/cdhooper/kicksmash32

Install files in the amiga directory on your Amiga. The sw directory
contains hostsmash executables for Linux, Windows, and MacOS. This
utility is used to program firmware images on KickSmash over USB.

========================================================================
